Mithril update 2025-04-02 (#568)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-04-02-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-04-02-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team created the release for the `2513.0` distribution, which provides support for Cardano node v.10.2.1 and includes various bug fixes and improvements.
> 
> They kept adapting the infrastructure to support the aggregator's prototype 'follower' mode. They also focused on signing ancillary files in the Cardano database snapshots with an IOG key. Additionally, they worked on recording the origin of requests made to the aggregator API.
> 
> Finally, the team updated the [`CIP-0137`](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/tree/master/CIP-0137) mini-protocols and implementation plan, and kept refactoring the STM cryptographic library to improve clarity and maintainability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team released the `2513.0` distribution, which supports Cardano node v.10.2.1 and includes various bug fixes and improvements.

They continued adapting the infrastructure to support the aggregator’s prototype ‘follower’ mode and focused on signing ancillary files in the Cardano database snapshots with an IOG key. They also worked on recording the origin of requests made to the aggregator API.

Finally, the team updated the [`CIP-0137`](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/tree/master/CIP-0137) mini-protocols and implementation plan and kept refactoring the STM cryptographic library for improved clarity and maintainability.
```
